so what is the Facebook pixel how does
it work and more importantly how can you
use it to generate low-cost leads and
sales for your business well that's
exactly what I'm going to cover in this
video
[Music]
my name's ben heath and i'm the founder
and CEO of lead guru which is a
london-based digital marketing agency
most facebook advertisers have heard of
the facebook pixel but a lot of them
don't use it because it sounds
complicated and technical but it's not
very difficult to use and the upside of
using it is enormous basically the
Facebook pixel is a small piece of code
that you can install on your website and
is primarily used for two things number
one tracking the actions that people
take on your website and number two
building custom audiences let's start
with number one by installing the
Facebook pixel on your website you can
track the actions that we will take on
your website which is crucial if you're
running facebook ad campaigns because
with the Facebook pixel you can
accurately track how many leads and
sales your campaigns are generating and
how much is costing you per lead or so I
see a lot of Facebook ad accounts that
don't have the Facebook pixel set up and
that's crazy you need to be able to
track the results that you're getting
and know whether or not your campaigns
are actually profitable and number two
build custom audiences when you have the
Facebook pixel installed on your website
anyone who visits your website can be
added to a custom audience whether they
come from a Facebook ad campaign or not
and that means you can specifically
advertise to the people that have
visited your website which is incredibly
powerful because the people that have
already visited your website are highly
likely to be interested in the products
and services that's you offer so how do
you install the face of pixel on your
website to install the Facebook pixel
the first thing you need to do is go to
the pixels tab in your Facebook ad
account then you need to click the setup
button and that will bring up a window
that looks like this here you have a
couple of options if you are using one
of the platform's listed in the first
option then you can simply select this
option and follow the installation
instructions otherwise you will either
need to install it yourself or hire a
developer to install it for you if you
don't use one of the forms listed in
option one you most likely have a
WordPress website so I'm going to show
you how to install the face of pixel on
a WordPress website but remember you
always have the option of hiring a
developer to install this for you you
can find the developer to do this for
you on upwork.com or fiber comm and it
won't cost a lot at all so to install
the Facebook pixel on a WordPress
website yourself you don't actually need
to select the second option you just
need to make a note of your Facebook
pixel ID which you can find by selecting
option 3 copy your pixel ID and then
head over to your WordPress website and
go into plugins the easiest way to
install the Facebook pixel on WordPress
is to use a plug-in there are a number
of plug-in options but my favorite is
pixel cat install that plug-in and then
activate it and that will bring up a
page that looks like this then you can
simply paste your Facebook pixel ID into
the text field click Save and that's it
the Facebook pixel is now installed on
your website and you can use it to
create incredibly effective custom
audiences and we target the people that
have visited your website I'll talk to
you soon bye bye